Watch Videos
Show: ALL IN with CHRIS HAYESDate: January 29, 2018Guest: Jackie Speier, Rosalind Helderman

###START
Name: CHRIS MATTHEWS ( MSNBC HOST) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  – the Democratic candidates for Congress. That`s another hole Trump has dug himself into. So right now it looks like a modest Democratic victory in the House this November which puts the power of subpoena in the Democratic hands this time next year, which means we`re looking at an impeachment if trends continue. And that`s HARDBALL for now. Thanks for being with us. “ALL IN” with Chris Hayes starts right now.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: CHRIS HAYES ( MSNBC HOST) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Tonight on ALL IN.
Name: UNIDENTIFIED MALE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Have you been told McCabe is resigning?
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  The Deputy FBI Director reportedly pushed out.
Name: UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  It looks like to the President`s critics like a purge.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Tonight, what we know about the sudden departure of Donald Trump`s latest target, and is the Deputy Attorney General next?
Name: DONALD TRUMP ( PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  The witch-hunt continues.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Then, why the Trump DOJ approves surveillance of Carter Page.
Name: CARTER PAGE ( FORMER FOREIGN-POLICY ADVISER TO DONALD TRUMP CAMPAIGN) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Listen, I`ve been focused on other things today.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  What we`re learning about Trump`s fixation on Robert Mueller.
Name: MICHAEL WOLFF ( AUTHOR, FIRE AND FURY) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  This became an obsession with the President. He had to get rid of Mueller.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  When ALL IN starts right now.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Good evening from New York, I`m Chris Hayes. As the President`s lawyers continue to negotiate the terms of his looming interview with the Special Counsel, the President`s friends and aides are panicking and the Republican counteroffensive against the Justice Department is shifting into overdrive. Tonight the White House is denying it had anything to do with the abrupt departure of a top FBI official whom the President has been openly attacking for months. NBC News broke the story the Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe left the Bureau today effective immediately months before his expected retirement.
One source said McCabe was exercising his retirement eligibility, characterized his decision as stepping aside. But according to other outlets, the decision may not have been voluntary. CBS News reporting that McCabe was forced to step down. Fox News reporting that he was removed from the FBI. Now the President`s attacks on McCabe go back to 2016 after McCabe`s wife ran unsuccessfully for the Virginia State Senate backed by the State Democratic Party.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: TRUMP ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675,000 that went to his wife. It never happened before, never happened. Not in this country`s history. This is a disgrace.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Just to be clear there, McCabe himself didn`t accept that money. His wife who was the candidate did and it didn`t essentially come from Hillary Clinton. She was running for office, it came through channels. Now the FBI concluded McCabe had no conflict of interest in the Clinton e-mail probe which he did not join until after his wife`s race in 2015. But after taking office last year, the President of the United States continued to attack McCabe. After firing James Comey in May, according to brand-new reporting from NBC News that we broke today, the President called McCabe, then the Acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to vent, according to multiple people familiar with the phone call.
Trump demanded to know why Comey was allowed to fly on an FBI plane back to the East Coast after he had been fired, to which McCabe responded he hadn`t been asked to authorize Comey`s flight but if anyone had asked he would have approved it. According now to NBC`s reporting, the President was silent for a moment and then turned on McCabe suggesting he asked his wife how it feels to be a loser. To which McCabe replied, according to our reporting, OK, sir. Then in their first Oval Office Meeting shortly thereafter, the President reportedly asked McCabe who he had voted for in the 2016 election. Since then, the President has continued to berate McCabe on Twitter, slamming him in a session with the White House press corps just last week.
(BEGIN AUDIO CLIP)
Name: TRUMP ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  McCabe got more than $500,000 from essentially Hillary Clinton. And is he investigating Hillary Clinton?
Name: UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  So should he go?
Name: TRUMP ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Do you remember, did anybody here, many of my speeches where I talked about McCabe, he was the star of my speech. This isn`t now.
Name: UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Do you regret having him as your Acting FBI Director, then?
Name: TRUMP ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  You know what? I keep out of it. You`d find that hard to believe. I keep out of it.
(END AUDIO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Wait a second. I keep out of it. You`d find that hard to believe. I keep out of it. OK, today the White House denied the President had played any role in McCabe`s abrupt departure.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: SARAH HUCKABEE SANDERS ( PRESS SECRETARY, WHITE HOUSE) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I can tell you none of this decision was made by that of the White House. And any specifics I would refer you to the FBI who I believe will be making a statement later today.
Name: UNIDENTIFIED MALE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  You say the White House was not involved in the decision but clearly, the President seemed to be involved in a public relations campaign against McCabe.
Name: SANDERS ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Oh, look, the President stands by his previous comments.
Name: UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Can you say definitively that the President did not play a role in Andrew McCabe stepping down?
Name: SANDERS ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Yes, I can say that the President wasn`t a part of this decision-making process, and we would refer you to the FBI where Christopher Wray serves as the Director.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Yes, the President simply publicly mused who will rid me of this meddlesome FBI agent. According to The New York Times, it was the FBI Director, Trump appointee Christopher Wray who finally pushed McCabe out. In a recent conversation, Wray reportedly raised concerns about a forthcoming Inspector General report examining the Bureau`s actions during the 2016 election. A source close to McCabe told the Times that Wray suggested moving McCabe into another job which would have been a demotion. Instead, McCabe chose to leave the bureau. According to Fox News, immediately after the McCabe news broke today, Wray and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein went to the White House to meet with Chief of Staff John Kelly. Who knows what they talked about?
This news today comes on the heels of a report that the President tried to fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller last June, backing off only after his White House Counsel threatened to resign. And it comes amid an evidently coordinated campaign by the President and his allies on Capitol Hill specifically in the media as well to discredit Mueller`s investigation of which the President himself appears to be a target. Just this very evening, the House Intelligence Committee voted for at least a classified memo cooked up by a splintered group of Republicans which is reportedly aimed at discrediting yet another Justice Department official that would be that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, a Trump appointee who`s overseeing the Special Counsel`s investigation. Congresswoman Jackie Speier is a Democrat from California, a Member of the House Intelligence Committee. What do you make of McCabe`s abrupt departure today?
Name: JACKIE SPEIER  ( HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Well, I don`t think we know. I mean, certainly, the Inspector General`s report may play a part of it. I mean, he has been under scrutiny and being hammered for month news. Here`s a man who is a professional, who has worked in the department for over 20 years, committed to keeping Americans safe and this is the way – this is the way we treat them, it appears, under the Trump White House. I find it all very disgusting and very disheartening.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  What specifically when you say, what do you find disgusting? The President`s words, the actions?
Name: SPEIER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  You know, Chris, this President has done everything in his power for the last year to attack people, anyone that he finds – that make him feel good. And he has clearly been focused on this investigation as soon as Director Comey said he was also looking into the relationship between the Trump campaign and the Russian intervention, all hell broke loose. And subsequently, you had Devin Nunes and his midnight ride to the White House to get these documents that turned out to be really nothing. The unmasking campaign didn`t really have much effort as well in terms of moving anyone. So now they`re on to yet another one. It was truly mind spinning in that committee today to see how willing my colleagues were to just follow this path.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  You know, your colleague Adam Schiff had some very strong words about that. I want to play you what he had to say and see if you share his reaction. Take a listen.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: ADAM SCHIFF  ( RANKING MEMBER, HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  It was disclosed to the minority today for the first time that the majority as evidently opened an investigation of the FBI and an investigation of the Department of Justice. This is a wholesale broadside against two of our respected institutions and brings to mind something I brought to the committee`s attention a week ago when we first took up the majority memo. And that is we need to be concerned with not just with what happens during this presidency, but the lasting damage that may be done to these institutions. And unfortunately, that damage just become – just became all the more greater today.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Do you share those concerns?
Name: SCHIFF ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I was with him during that press conference and, you know, the rules of that committee require that any investigation that`s undertaken is done so by the Chair in consultation with the Ranking Member. And the first we heard about it was today. And Devin Nunes, the Chair talked about this ongoing investigation of the FBI and the Department of Justice. You know, Chris, this has a lot – it looks a lot like Watergate. It also has fringes of the Salem witch trials and you throw in the McCarthy hearings, and I think we`ve got one crisis about to happen here.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  What – I mean, you talk about McCarthy or you talk about Watergate, you use the word “crisis.” Today felt a little like we moved towards crisis. It feels that there`s a war happening of the government against itself. That there is an investigation happening with the President, and the President sort of in name I guess supervises that investigation because he is the Chief Executive of the country. He runs the executive branch, but it is independent of him and he and his allies on Capitol Hill essentially teaming up to destroy, discredit, disrupt, and subvert that investigation. Are there boundaries for what you think they would not do at this point?
Name: SPEIER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I don`t think there are any boundaries. I mean, when you a committee of members who have not seen the underlying document to determine whether or not what this memo, which is you know, a political spin memo, whether there`s accuracies or inaccuracies, you actually have the FBI saying that it is reckless to release that and yet they move forward with it. They are willing to walk the plank for President. And I think that we have an obligation to protect the American people and defend the constitution and I think some of my colleagues are failing in that regard.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I think there is a real open question about who is on the plank right now. Congresswoman Jackie Speier, thanks for your time tonight. I appreciate it.
Name: SPEIER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Thank you.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Nick Akerman is a former Assistant Special Watergate Prosecutor and MSNBC Legal Analyst, Clint Watts, former FBI Special Agent, now an MSNBC National Security Analyst. Let me start with you as someone who was an agent. Having watched the full arc of what happened to McCabe, the way that he was talked about by the President of the United States and what happened today, what`s your reaction?
Name: CLINT WATTS ( MSNBC NATIONAL SECURITY ANALYST) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Yes, I am not surprised that he`s been pressured out. And we kind of heard a few weeks ago that he was expected to leave, so some of this could be structural. You generally have to serve 20 years. I don`t know when he started but he`s probably I think coming up on his 50th birthday or so. It could be the 20-year mark with his annual leave. This is the day he was eligible. But either way, it shows that political pressure can push him out. The Deputy Director is usually the person that holds the ground when you have a transition between one director and the other. In this case, it`s been politicized going all the way back to the campaign.
And so you can`t even rely on this institutional integrity to sort of help us stay on course as an investigative – you know, agency. The Deputy Director is the top FBI agent that`s in the organization. They`re the ones that sustain the investigations between terms. So while it`s not unusual that they might, you know, that new Director Wray might bring in his own team later, usually one to two years in, they`re keeping the existing crew so there is no gap, you know, in terms of coverage in the investigations.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Having lived through Watergate and having investigated that and the Congresswoman just mentioned that as a precedent here, what do you make of what`s happening right now?
Name: NICK AKERMAN ( MSNBC LEGAL ANALYST) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I think it`s just pure evil. You`ve got a President of the United States who recognizes he cannot politically fire Mueller. So what does he do? He goes after the people that are working on his investigation, the people that have put this investigation together for him in the first place and then he goes after Rod Rosenstein who is his supervisor. So what Trump has now done has taken what I would consider to be a completely evil strategy that is to go with the people, the person above him, the people below him, and try and isolate Mueller. That`s what he thinks is going to get him off the hook.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  You`ve got – the President fires Comey. He doesn`t like Comey and then he fires Comey. He complains about McCabe, McCabe is now out. He complains about Mueller and attempts to fire Mueller according to reporting and was sort of beaten back by Don McGahn. We now hear a lot of reporting about Rosenstein. How seriously do you take that?
Name: AKERMAN ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I take it very seriously. I think he is going to try and do everything he can to somehow fire Rod Rosenstein. This memo, this so-called five-page memo that is supposed to be summarizing probably a couple hundred page affidavit and paper submitted to the FISA court which was taken out of context, it all relates to the Fusion GPS investigation by Christopher Steele, all of which is becoming more and more corroborated as we`re getting along, including the salacious part about the women which Stormy Fields, she bribed him, why can`t the Russians bribe him? I mean, there`s really not much difference. And on top of all that, if you look at Carter Page, even he came on this show, lied about who he met with and who he talked to in Russia and then went before the committee and sort of gave sort of half-truths about who he really met with. So if you really get down to the bottom line here, that particular affidavit is probably corroborated all the way up.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  That`s – right, and the argument – again, we haven`t seen all this. We`re sort of fighting these ghosts, right?
Name: AKERMAN ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Right, but the argument is that it is.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Right, that it`s all fruit of a rotten tree, that basically that they never should have had the FISA warrant to begin with and you`re sort of pushing back at the facts underneath that. Let me ask you this. I want – there`s something that Chief of Staff John Kelly appears to be running point on a lot of this. A lot of interactions with him at DOJ, a lot of interactions with Wray and I thought this was interesting, this from a Bloomberg report. Kelly held separate meetings or phone calls with senior Justice Department officials last Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday to convey Trump`s displeasure and lecture then on the White House`s expectations. This is about the memo, this is about the investigation, Kelly has taken to ending such conversations with the disclaimer that the White House isn`t expecting officials to do anything illegal or unethical. Is that a standard disclaimer to append to those kinds of conversations?
Name: WATTS ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  It`s not standard to make any of these calls. It`s pretty crazy, I mean, all the way around. I think the real bellwether –
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Just to be clear here because this tradition is opaque. It`s not normal for the Chief of Staff to be calling over to the DOJ, communicating the President`s feelings on this.
Name: WATTS ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  No. It`s far more normal for the DOJ or the FBI Director to be calling about an emergency to the White House. I mean, this is the direction that the channel usually works. Usually, the White House doesn`t have to be calling down to the DOJ three days in a row to express how the President feels about the Department of Justice. They`re a very busy organization, enforcing the nation`s laws. I think the real bellwether, you know, the signal we should look for in this is Rosenstein. He was brought on as part of Sessions` team in the Trump administration. He was used essentially for the Comey firing. And so if he`s pushed out or really pushed away, it really signals an aggressive push from the White House.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  A tweet today from a historian on Twitter Kevin Kruse that says, “someone should remind the Trump administration and their enablers from House GOP that deep throat was basically a pissed off senior official at the FBI.”
Name: AKERMAN ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Well, I think there are a lot of pissed off senior officials in the White House and all throughout the government. I mean that`s why it`s going to be so easy for Mueller to bring – to bring witnesses into this case. You`re not going to have a lot of people like Gordon Liddy in the Watergate investigation who called Jeb Magruder at the committee to reelect the President and said I`m going to be standing at the corner of 18th and K and you can send a hit squad by to knock me off and put a bullet through my chest. I don`t think there`s any –
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  That`s how seriously he took his oath of loyalty.
Name: AKERMAN ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Yes, he seriously did that but there is nobody that loyal to the President.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I hope no one is calling any hits on one direction or the other. Nick Akerman and Clint Watts, it`s great to have you both. Next, Republicans in the House Intelligence Committees we were just talking about voted to release the memo, and then not release another memo? How an attempt to discredit Rod Rosenstein, stop Robert Mueller, and what Carter Page has to do with it, in two minutes.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: SCHIFF ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  We have votes today to politicize the intelligence process, to prohibit the FBI and the Department of Justice from expressing their concerns to our Committee, and to the House and to selectively release to the public only the majority`s distorted memo without the full facts.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  House Intelligence Committee today voted along party lines to release a Republican memo on surveillance, but not, but not, but not a Democratic rebuttal. And the Committee also voted against allowing the FBI and DOJ to brief the House about the underlying facts before any public release. The memo is yet another attempt to discredit the Russia investigation and one target of that effort, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. That might sound surprising given that Rosenstein is, in fact, a Trump appointee, but Rosenstein is also the person who appointed the Special Counsel Robert Mueller whose investigation is now closing in on Donald Trump and his inner circle.
Perhaps more importantly at the moment, Rosenstein is also the person with the power to fire Mueller. And now we know thanks to The New York Times, the Republicans could use that memo to come after Rosenstein. The New York Times reporting the memo reveals that “Rosenstein approves an application to extend surveillance of a former Trump campaign associate shortly after taking office last spring.” The Times continues the renewal shows the Justice Department under President Trump saw a reason to believe the associate Carter Page was acting as a Russian agent.
The Washington Post reported this weekend the President wanted the memo released, said, “it could provide him with grounds of either firing or forcing Rosenstein to leave.” Rosalind Helderman, Political Investigations and Enterprise Reporter at the Washington Post to help break that story, MSNBC Justice Analyst Matt Miller is a former Chief Spokesperson for the Department of Justice under President Barack Obama. Rosalind, what do we know about the White House`s involving? You got a very – I just want to set the scene here. A very weird situation in which the House saying we want to release this memo that points to some underlying classified information. The President who is the classifier in chief who can classify or declassify as he hopes fits likes that and the people in the middle who are the institutional guarantors over at the DOJ and FBI saying this is a bad idea. Please don`t do this. Is that basically right?
Name: ROSALIND HELDERMAN ( POLITICAL INVESTIGATIONS AND ENTERPRISE REPORTER, WASHINGTON POST) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Yes. I think you basically got it. We know that the White House has not seen the memos. So the President does not know what`s in it.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Wait, wait, the White House hasn`t seen the memo?
Name: HELDERMAN ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  That is our understanding, is that the President at least has not seen the memo but he`s, of course, an avid follower of cable news where he has been told that the memo is good for him. And so our understanding is that when the Department of Justice came out last week with a letter, a very strongly-worded letter saying that they believed it would be extraordinarily reckless to release the letter without allowing them to first review it, he was very upset by that and believed that his Justice Department should be sort of doing more to help get out this memo that he thinks is going to be helpful to him. And so he instructed John Kelly, his Chief of Staff to call Jeff Sessions and tell him that it was his position that he wants – he wants the memo out, the White House says of course in the interests of transparency.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Matt, have you ever, ever encountered something like this?
Name: MATT MILLER ( MSNBC JUSTICE ANALYST) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  No. Look, the White House`s involvement in this is so inappropriate. First of all, there are two equities at stake at this memo from the executive branch`s standpoint. One, underlying classified information relating to the FISA warrant and the FISA application into Carter Page. And two, the investigative equities to protect the sanctity of the investigation into the President. The President obviously can`t have knowledge about either of those equities because he can`t review the underlying classified information because it`s an investigation into him.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Right.
Name: MILLER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Secondly, because of that fact, he should not have any involvement in talking to the Justice Department at all, he or his staff about this memo and whether should it be released. And they certainly shouldn`t be pressuring the Department of Justice to let go of its equities and release this memo because they are in effect helping pressure the Department of Justice to shut down the investigation into the President himself. It is such a breach of propriety, it`s such a breach of the wall between the Justice Department and the White House in several different ways.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  One of the things, Rosalind, from – that has come through, and again, we`re all getting this sort of game of telephone about what the memo is and what it says, is that in a weird way, it seems to give some credence to the case against the President in this respect. The ideas that Rod Rosenstein, who was appointed by President Trump, had a FISA renewal come to him with some information that made him think that, yes, we should continue to surveil Carter Page because there`s probable cause he`s a foreign agent, right?
Name: HELDERMAN ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Yes. I mean, I think – I think that Rod Rosenstein would have to have seen some of the results of the surveillance already taken place on Carter Page and believed that a judge would sign off on the idea that they were actually learning things from that surveillance. I believe that`s the standard for the extension is that the judge has to agree that they are turning up useful evidence to show the thing that they originally got the FISA to show, which is to show he is a Russian agent. Now obviously he has not been charged with that, and we don`t know the current status of the FISA warrant. But it does seem like if Rod Rosenstein in February or March is signing an extension, it`s a sign they thought they were getting somewhere.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Yes. I should read Carter Page`s statement today. Carter Page saying U.S.-Russia relations have been dominated by misunderstandings throughout much of the past 70 years. I guess that`s pretty true, since the original McCarthy era. I harbor no ill will towards anyone for past xenophobic biases and only hope justice is eventually served. What do you make of the full chrome of Rosenstein here, both in terms of what it means about him as a possible target and his role as a sort of neutral or good faith arbiter, which I don`t know if you think that in this investigation?
Name: MILLER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  So you know, Rod Rosenstein, I don`t think has always handled himself completely above board. Obviously he, you know, wrote the memo that justified the firing of James Comey when you think he had to know what the underlying reason was. But the ironic thing about that, the Nunes memo is starting to look a little bit like the Rosenstein memo for Comey and that it will be used as pretext –
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Right.
Name: MILLER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  – to fire the person overseeing the investigation. Only this time instead of Rod Rosenstein writing the memo, he may be the person that ends up being fired over this. It, again, shows why the President`s involvement is so inappropriate. This has really turned really into an all-out assault by the President on one end of Pennsylvania and the Republican Congress on the other end of Pennsylvania against the Mueller investigation, against an independent Justice Department, and against the rule of law and it is a dangerous time. This to me feels like the most dangerous time for the Mueller investigation really since he was appointed in May of last year.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Why? Why does it?
Name: MILLER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Because you see this confluence of the President wanting to fire Rod Rosenstein, presumably to replace him with someone who maybe wouldn`t fire Bob Mueller, but wouldn`t approve new lines of investigative inquiry, wouldn`t approve new indictments, maybe would curtail his budget, would just kind of sit on his head and slow-walk the investigation and shut it down. And on the other end of Pennsylvania, you have House Republicans who not only are not standing up to the President but are enabling the President and helping him try to shut this investigation down.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Rosalind Helderman and Matt Miller, thanks for your time. Coming up, just how set was the President on firing Special Counsel Robert Mueller? New reporting on the depths of his obsession after this quick break.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: LINDSEY GRAHAM  ( SOUTH CAROLINA) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I see no evidence that President Trump wants to fire Mr. Mueller now. I don`t know what happened back last year but it`s pretty clear to me that everybody in the White House knows it would be the end of President Trump`s presidency if he fired Mr. Mueller. So I think we`re in a good spot with Mr. Mueller.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Senator Lindsey Graham explicitly warning the president against what he has been repeatedly threatening to do, and that is, of course, fire Special Counsel Robert Mueller. The New York Times reported that the President tried to get rid of the Special Counsel last year, ordered him fired but backed off when White House Counsel threatened to quit. And that reporting squares with what Newsmax Executive and Trump pal Chris Ruddy said in June. The President was at least considering firing Mueller. It also squares with what Fire and Fury Author Michael Wolff says he heard last summer, although Wolff added some context from my colleague Lawrence O`Donnell.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: WOLFF ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  The firing of Mueller was talked about by Trump, especially in this – in this June-July period before his legal team really got in and took over. This became an obsession with the President. He had to get rid of Mueller. Now an obsession with this President becomes instead of – instead of an order, it becomes kind of like wallpaper. It just goes on and on and on. He repeats and repeats and repeats. And is it serious? Is it just him spouting off? Ultimately, that`s what the Special Prosecutor will have to decide. And it`s a – and it`s a key thing because the special Prosecutor has to prove intent. If he`s just a crazy person, which in part he is, it`s going to be very hard to prove intent.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  The President`s lawyers are negotiating with the Special Counsel over the terms of the interview but there`s new reports of panic among Trump confidantes, worry head can`t help but perjure himself. That`s next.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: REPORTER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Are you going to talk to Mueller?
Name: TRUMP ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I`m looking forward to it, actually.
Name: REPORTER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  You want to?
Name: REPORTER ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Do you have date set, Mr. President?
Name: TRUMP ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  There`s been no collusion whatsoever. There is no obstruction whatsoever. And I`m looking forward to it.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  The president may be looking forward to talking with the special counsel, but other people in the White House are seriously worried about what he might say in front of Robert Mueller. Jonathan Swan of Axios reporting that one source who knows Trump as well as anyone told him he believes the president would be incapable of avoiding perjuring himself.
With me now Frank Figliuzzi, MSNBC national security contributor, and former assistant director for counter intelligence at the FBI under one Robert Mueller when he served as director.
Frank, do you think those fears are justified?
Name: FRANK FIGLIUZZI ( MSNBC NATIONAL SECURITY CONTRIBUTOR) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  It`s been quite a day. I think what we`re looking at here, Chris, is laying the groundwork to give the president an out to avoid a Mueller interview.
You know, what the president can say now is congress has announced an investigation of the FBI and the Department of Justice. A memo is going to be released that apparently will show that the Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein may have signed off on an affidavit incorrectly. There might be a flaw in the entire affidavit involving the FBI.
I think that you`ll see Trump back off of his desire to do an interview. I think he`ll point to the pending investigation. He`ll point to mistrust in the FBI, mistrust in the deputy attorney general. And we`re going to see this as a rationale to avoid, or at least put off the interview.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  So you think that`s what we`ve been – I think the operating thesis for a lot of people, this is about Rosenstein, it`s a play to move on Rosenstein, which isn`t mutually exclusive. What I`m hearing from you is you think this is a play to get him out of talking to Mueller?
Name: FIGLIUZZI ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Well, I think it`s both. They`re not mutually exclusive. I think the much larger issue here, and I`m deeply concerned about it, is that the road toward – the path toward firing Mueller goes right through Rosenstein. So the release of the memo is targeting Rosenstein. But let`s remember, as has been said before, what did Rosenstein possibly do wrong? And we`ll see it in this memo allegedly. But he signed off on a renewal of a FISA application, meaning it already was pending. It already had been approved by a judge. And he had to see productivity that it was a productive wiretapagainst Carter Page showing continuing contact and probable cause to believe that he was an agent of a foreign power. That`s what`s wrong. That`s what should be focused on. But instead it`s all about targeting Rosenstein.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  If the president were to speak with Mueller, it would be Mueller in person, correct? I mean, Robert Mueller would actually be there, presumably.
Name: FIGLIUZZI ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  So it`s not absolutely required. But if what we`re hearing is correct about previous interviews, key interviews, we`re hearing reports that Mueller is in the room. Mueller is sitting back chairing, back benching, asking occasional question. I believe we would see Mueller very much front and center at the White House doing a Trump interview. So I predict he`ll be present, but it`s not absolutely mandatory.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  What would be the next steps? I mean, it`s really an interesting idea, the idea that it`s sort of a classic Washington two-step to say, oh, there is an investigation of that, ergo I can`t comment on it, talk to it, do this. It`s a thing people in Washington do all the time.
If this theory of yours is correct, right, that this is part of them laying the groundwork to say I can`t interview with Robert Mueller because he is part of this congressional investigation, what would be the next step from Mueller`s office in terms of compelling testimony?
Name: FIGLIUZZI ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I think if this happens, Mueller will let the memo play out. The public will chew on it. Congress will chew on it. But he sees the writing on the wall with the minority in congress not being permitted to release their side, their side of the story, their interpretation of the memo, I think we should be prepared for a standoff, and I think we should be prepared for the possibility that Mueller will threaten a grand jury appearance by the president.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Meaning just a compelled classic grand jury subpoena as if he were just John Doe witness in an FBI investigation?
Name: FIGLIUZZI ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  If this prediction is true, and if Mueller – if Trump wants to use this so-called pending investigation by congress an allegation or insinuation in this secret memo that is going to be released to back off of an interview we should be prepared to see the special counsel go to a judge, likely in the District of Columbia, and ask for a mandated grand jury appearance by the president. That`s where this could head.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Wow. That would be a remarkable moment were that to come to fruition. Frank Figliuzzi, thanks for joining us.
Name: FIGLIUZZI ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  You`re welcome.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Still to come, debunking the economic victory lap the president is planning to take tomorrow night at the state of the union.
Plus, tonight`s Thing One, Thing Two starts right after this.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Thing One tonight, another top Republican lawmaker throws in the towel. New Jersey Congressman Rodney Frelinghuysen, a Republican who has represented the 11th district in New Jersey for nearly a quarter century announced he will retire at the end of this term. His retirement is especially unusual given he is currently chair of the House appropriations committee, one of the most powerful positions in congress, or at least it used to be.
News that Frelinghuysen is bailing gives a boost to Democrats and their hopes of flipping the House this year. President Trump won New Jersey`s 11th district by just a single point over Hillary Clinton. And this marks the ninth Republican retirement in a district where Clinton won or narrowly lost to Trump.
Democrats need to pick up 24 seats to pick up control of congress, and they aim to capitalize on Trump`s record low approval numbers.
Democrats have reason to be especially excited about Frelinghuysen`s district, a seat that once considered so safe that Michael Moore ran a ficus tree against him to spotlight the lack of competition. And that`s Thing Two in 60 seconds.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Republican Congressman Rodney Frelinghuysen announced he will not seek reelection this fall. And he isn`t just any incumbent, he is from one of the longest standing political dynasties in New Jersey and indeed in America overall. Get this. His father held the same seat for two decades, and at least four other ancestors served in congress dating back to the 1700s, which is some very, very strong name ID.
He was such an institution in the District that back in 2000, Michael Moore ran a literal ficus tree against Frelinghuysen to highlight the lack of competition for his seat. The shrubbery didn`t scare him off. But top a Democratic recruit this year may have. Mikie Sheryl, an ex-navy pilot, former federal prosecutor mother of four. That`s a strong candidate, no potted plant.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: MICHAEL MOORE ( FILMMAKER) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  And this is ficus. And Ficus is running in the 11th district, been properly signed.
Now what do we do?
Name: UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  You need to fill out this form over here.
Name: MOORE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Well, it`s the plant that`s running.
Meet the next congressman from the 11th district of New Jersey! Ficus!
Name: CROWD ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Ficus, ficus!
(END VIDEO CLIP)
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: UNIDENTIFIED MALE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  He is somebody who`s now saying, look, I`m growing – I`m dropping black unemployment. Black people are doing well under my administration. Does he have a point?
Name: JAY-Z ( RAPPER/PRODUCER) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  No. Because it`s not about money at the end of the day. Money doesn`t equate to like happiness, it doesn`t. That`s not -- missing the whole point. You treat people like human beings.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Yesterday, President Trump responded to that criticism from rapper Jay-Z by tweeting, somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies, black unemployment has just been reported to be at the lowest rate ever reported.
Now Trump brings up the black unemployment rate a lot. Eugene Scott speculated in The Washington Post that he seems to think that a low black unemployment rate proves he is not racist.
It is true, black unemployment rate is the lowest on record. What Trump doesn`t mention is the black unemployment rate has been falling for years, and a trend that began under President Obama simply continued under Obama`s successor.
Trump also doesn`t mention the fact that black unemployment rate is dramatically higher thanthe white unemployment rate, something the Trump administration has done nothing to address.
Today, the president indicated that tomorrow night`s State of the Union Address will double assomething of an economic victory lap.
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: UNIDENTIFIED MALE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Mr. President, how is the speech coming? How is the state of the union coming?
Name: TRUMP ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I hope it`s going to be good. We worked on it hard, cover a lot of territory, including our great success with the markets and with the tax cut.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Again, you can expect Trump to spend a lot of the speech pushing his economic records – the markets specifically, without worrying too much about the context or frankly, the truth. According to ProPublica, Trump has made 31 specific claims about companies adding or saving American jobs thanks to his intervention. It added up to 2.4 million jobs. ProPublica did the due diligence. They went and checked. And it turns out more than 90 percent of those promised jobs have not materialized.
And what about this promise from the campaign trail?
(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)
Name: TRUMP ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I create jobs. And I always say I`ll be the greatest jobs president that god ever created. We`re going have jobs.
(END VIDEO CLIP)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  In 2017, the first year of the Trump presidency, the U.S. economy added 2.1 million jobs. In 2016, the last year of the Obama presidency, the economy actually added, well, more jobs: 2.2 million. In fact, job growth slowed to a six-year low in Trump`s first year. Wages have been stagnant, though that`s a long-running problem, but they have only grown by an average of 2.5 percent last year, just barely ahead of inflation.
Now, to be clear, Donald Trump has not tanked the economy. And in terms of the macroeconomic factors, it`s relatively strong, just like it was when President Obama left office. And that reality really reflects a consistent pattern in Donald Trump`s life, that of a man who keeps getting handed a massive inheritance and pretending he did it all on his own.
(COMMERCIAL BREAK)
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Between today`s news Andrew McCabe is out as the deputy director of the FBI, a Republican memo that targets Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, and last week`s reporting that President Trump tried to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, there are fears of essentially a purge taking place at the FBI and Justice Department.
Charlie Pierce wrote today it would be a capital mistake to underestimate the powers that can be marshalled to protect the plague ship that is the administration of this president. The forces are organized in a raid behind the president if he wants to fire Bob Mueller.
Charlie Pierce joins me now as does former Watergate Prosecutor Jill Wine-Banks.
Charlie, elaborate, what do you mean by that?
Name: CHARLIE PIERCE ( ESQUIRE) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  First of all, we`re not in a constitutional crisis yet but we`re sitting in the lobby waiting for the box office to open. I mean, we`re right on the brink.
He`s got a narrative he can sell to his base. He`s got, you know, a strong if relatively unconventional support in the congress. He`s got a right wing media operation he can turn to. And if you were the president at this point, what would be stopping you? The senate, you got some senators have said mean things to you about you, but most of them are leaving. The House is supine where it is not insane and that`s where the actual action would have to begin. I don`t, you know, I would – you underestimate the forces that are still behind this president at your peril, and not only that, but he has got no reason to think anybody is in his way. Nobody has gotten in his way yet.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  What do you think of that, Jill, particularly given your experience during the Watergate prosecution?
Name: JILL WINE-BANKS ( FORMER WATERGATE PROSECUTOR) ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Well, I would say rather than being at the box office waiting, I feel like I`m on the Titanic and the iceberg has been sited and we`re trying to avoid a collision. I think that – I know I`m going to disappoint many viewers and many people who follow me on Twitter, this is one of the worst days that i have seen. it really makes me frightened for democracy that we could have a one-sided classified memo released and not have the other side. That would be like being in a trial and saying after the prosecution, let`s let the jury decide.
No matter how thin a pancake, it has two sides and you have to hear both sides before a public can make a reasoned decision of what they are hearing and what this all means. None of us knows what`s in the memos. It`s a risk to release them because of the classified nature of them. But if you are releasing one, you have to release both. You cannot let the American public sit and linger on what could be a totally false out of context report.
So I am really frightened for the first time in this investigation.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  There was, you know, there it were a lot of members of congress I want to follow up, Jill, with you and then I want to come back to you, Charlie. But, Jill, there were a lot of members of congress during Watergate, Republicans, who did sort of carry water for the president who backed him and Ronald Reagan backed him, George H.W. Bush, prominent Republicans were saying this Watergate stuff is nonsense. Let`s wrap it up.
Was there anyone in congress doing the kind of stuff at that time that Devin Nunes is doing over at House Intelligence now?
Name: WINE-BANKS ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  I think we have reached a completely new level of insanity. And it`s none of the kind of toadying that is going on now where people are lying and putting themselves at risk for being part of a coverup by participating in the way they have. And remember, it was the Republicans who ultimately went to the president, President Nixon, and said we have seen the evidence. It is clear. You will be voted and convicted if this goes to a vote. You should resign. And he did resign the next day.
So I think this is a completely different thing. I cannot think of anything that comes anywhere close to what Nunes is doing and to how he`s working clearly with the White House on this. I mean, this goes back to his first time when he released a document that he had gotten from the White House as if it was some big revelation to the White House when they were the ones who had gotten it. It was a big sham and a fraud, and that`s – you know, I don`t know what`s in this classified document. And, frankly, I don`t want a classified document that is going to put us in danger in terms of our national security by releasing the methods of operation for a FISA warrant.
This is not a good thing for democracy, and if they are going to go ahead with one, all I`m saying is you have to put it in context. It has to be fair.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  We should note they also voted against a briefing from Christopher Wray at the FBI.
There is a school of thought, Charlie, that Trump in someways even if he has proclivities towards strong man behavior, he`s been stymied in a lot of ways. You know, McGahn threatens to quit. He doesn`t actually – he`s not deft enough with the manipulation of the machinery government in the way, say, Nixon was who was experienced at it to get his way. Does that comfort you at all?
Name: PIERCE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Not at all, because sooner or later he`s catch on that nobody is really standing in his way. Even before the episode that Jill mentioned, which was the denouement of the Nixon affair, on the Irvin committee, you had Republican Howard Baker asking probably the most famous question of all time and you had Republican Howard Schweikert (ph) – no, no…
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Lowell Liker (ph)
Name: PIERCE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Lowell Liker (ph), I`m sorry, essentially roasting John Ehrlichman .
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Right.
Name: PIERCE ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  You don`t have those guys in the Senate right now. So, I don`t – I think that it`s – I think if Trump fires Rosenstein and tries to base it on this memo — and Devin Nunes, by the way, is famous for incredibly shabby memos. He wrote one about Edward Snowden long before we got around to this, if he fires Rosenstein based on this memo, it will clearly be a sign that he`s going to fire Mueller. And I don`t think the explosion will come then. I don`t think the explosion – I think the explosion will be ongoing if he does fire Mueller, but it will begin if he fires Rosenstein, because there is absolutely no reason for him to do that except to get somebody in there to fire Mueller.
Name: HAYES ; Race: N.A ; Dialogue:  Yeah, and that certainly seems – if that is how the dominoes fall, the memo`s publication leads to some sort of move against Rosenstein then I think we will know what we are watching even though it already seems clear what we`re watching, it`s just happening in slow motion.
Charlie Pierce and Jill Wine-Banks, thank you both for joining me.
That is All In for this evening. The Rachel Maddow Show starts now. Good evening, Rachel.


###END
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.END
Copy: Content and programming copyright 2018 MSNBC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2018 ASC Services II Media, LLC. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of ASC Services II Media, LLC. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content.

